Doc 11827 mobile vector search (#848)
couchbaselabs/docs-couchbase-lite: modules/objc/pages/vector-search-api-reference.adoc

If the specified index does not exist, an error will occur on creation of the query.
The matched vectors will be returned up to the specified limit number, if the limit is not specified then the default value will be used. 
The returned vectors are sorted by their distance values in ascending order by default.

NOTE: The default value for the `limit` parameter is 3.

[source, sqlpp]
----
SELECT name 
FROM photos 
WHERE vector_match(photos-index, [0.1, 0.5, 1.2])

----

[source, sqlpp]
----

SELECT name 
FROM photos
WHERE vector_match(photos-index, [0.1, 0.5, 1.2]) AND city = "San Francisco"

----

=== Vector Distance

==== `vector_distance(vectorIndexIdentifier)`

[cols = "3*"]
|===
|Parameter |Is Required |Description

|vectorIndexIdentifier
|Required
|The name of the vector index.

|===

This function returns the distance between the target vector specified in the `vector_match()` function and the matched vector in the specified vector index based on the distance metric set in the index configuration .

[source, sqlpp]
----

SELECT name, vector_distance(photos-index) 
FROM photos
WHERE vector_match(photos-index, [0.1, 0.5, 1.2])

----

[source, sqlpp]
----

> 

Reviewer: Shouldn't we describe these examples in context of API? Or is that covered in different section

SELECT name WHERE vector_match(photos-index, [0.1, 0.5, 1.2]) 
FROM photos
ORDER BY vector_distance(photos-index) DSC

----

IMPORTANT: Similar to the Full Text Search `match()` function, `vector_match()` can only be called alone or at the top level `AND` expression.

> === Generate Vectors with Prediction

Reviewer: Generate vector embeddings with Prediction function

Author: Done!

> You can use two methods to generate vectors in Couchbase Lite:

Reviewer: The "two methods" has to be described upfront - This section is about generating vectors/ embedding with Prediction function . 
- Embeddings are in line document
- Embeddings generated dynamically during index creation.

Author: Are you saying it should be moved earlier? I'm not entirely sure what you are asking

. You can call a Machine Learning(ML) model, and embed the generated vectors inside the documents.

. You can use the `prediction()` function to generate vectors to be indexed for each document at the indexing time.

Below is an example configuration.

[source, c]
----

let config = VectorIndexConfiguration(expression: "prediction(photo-model, photo).vector", dimensions: 256, centroids: 30)
try collection.createIndex(withName: "photo-index", config: config)

----

You can use less storage by using the `prediction()` function as the encoded vectors will only be stored in the index. 

> However, the index time will be longer as indexing is occurring at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the index time will be longer as generating of vector embedding is occurring at run time.
```

Author: Much better, thank you!
